Zenodo fixes (#162)
echemdb/electrochemistry-data: zenodo-description.md

> A dataset for interfacial electrochemistry data, currently focusing on the cyclic voltammograms for single crystal electrodes recorded in aqueous and non aqueous electrolytes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A dataset for interfacial electrochemistry data, focusing on the cyclic voltammograms for well-defined single crystal electrodes recorded in aqueous and non aqueous electrolytes.
```

> The dataset can be browsed on [echemdb.org/cv](https://www.echemdb.org/CV) and consists of published data, which is either retraced from source PDFs or provided by the authors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The dataset can be browsed on [echemdb.org/cv](https://www.echemdb.org/CV) and consists of published data, which is either retraced from published PDFs or provided by the authors directly.
```
